Remove mentions of semver for plugin-api (#929)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/plugins/api-reference/index.rst

Plugin API Reference
--------------------

> The Plugin API is versioned in sync with Pulp Core and consists of everything importable within the

Reviewer: For clarity, I think we mean the package here, so I propose:

```suggestion
The Plugin API is versioned in sync with ``pulpcore`` and consists of everything importable within the
```

:mod:`pulpcore.plugin` namespace. It is governed by our `deprecation policy <_deprecation_policy>`_.

> When writing plugins, care should be taken to only import Pulp Core components exposed in this

Reviewer: same here 'Pulp Core'
